| Full stack Developer | Data Analytics - AI |DevOp engineer | Accounting and Payroll | Cybersecurity ]
Welcome to my profile! I am a highly creative, responsible, and disciplined individual with a strong desire to learn and grow. I thrive on expanding my knowledge through self-study and enjoy exploring a wide range of subjects.
I have experience in Cyber Security and Risk Management. (risk assessment, penetration testing, Linux, network security) I have been able to deploy various project architectures on AWS, using EC2, RDS, VPC. I firmly believe that information technology is the key to unlocking the potential of big data for decision-making & security is #1 priority. 
Needless to say that I am a dedicated full-stack software developer who is familiar in a wide range of programming languages. (Python, Java, C++, HTML, React, SCSS...) I have a passion in project-oriented software development web page / database design. I highly value creativity, innovation, precision and effectiveness in programming to provide a problem-solving platform for my clients. 
I have a wealth of experience in data manipulation, statistical analysis, and implementing AI solutions using Python in SQL / PostgreSQL. I have proficiency with Panda, Numpy, TensorFlow, Pytorch as well as the ability to query and manage relational databases. I have been trained in indexing, partitioning, and optimizing queries plus familiarity with PowerBI, Python (Matplotlib, Seaborn). Not to mention a solid understanding of AI concepts and the ability to apply machine learning techniques, e.g. regression, clustering.
Furthermore, I have a wealth of experience in DevOp engineer. (CI/CD pipelines and deployment strategy) I am familiar with Pipeline deployment, testing and configuring in AWS. 
Lastly, with a solid background in accounting and payroll, I bring extensive experience and skills to the table. As a certified PCP in payroll administration and holding a bachelor's degree in commerce (accounting and finance) with distinction, along with an advanced diploma in accounting and finance, I am well-versed in both the practical and analytical aspects of these fields. (CPA exam writer).
Outside of my professional endeavors, I indulge in my passions for PC building and in network administrator. The world of technology fascinates me, and I enjoy leveraging IT to solve complex problems and drive strategic outcomes. 
In my leisure time, I am an avid reader, delving into various genres such as strategy, business, leadership, entrepreneurship, economics, futurology, investing, management, philosophy, psychology, history, literature, mathematics, and science. I also prioritize maintaining a healthy lifestyle by engaging in regular workouts and exploring nature's beauty during the summer. 
I am passionate about achieving exceptional professional and ethical standards, If you are looking for someone with a diverse skill set, strong work ethic, and a continuous drive for success, I would love to connect with you. Let's connect and explore potential opportunities to collaborate and make a meaningful impact together!
